[Music]
who lives at the bottom of the Bermuda
Triangle
there are numerous secrets our planet
keeps hidden from us blood falls in
Antarctica mo rocky borders in New
Zealand
Stonehenge in Great Britain these and
many other places keep attracting people
due to the mystery hidden behind their
names but there is one special place
that simultaneously terrifies and has
unexplainable pull 300 ships gone
missing 75 aircrafts never found you're
right that's all about the Bermuda
Triangle that proudly carries one more
name the devil strike despite all the
theories scientists have nobody knows
for sure what makes crafts disappear in
the area which lies in the Atlantic
Ocean between Florida Porto Rico and
Bermuda this area is shaped like a
triangle and has a huge size of
approximately 270 thousand square miles
some people believe that these
disappearances are the doing of sea
monsters others accuse aliens while some
researchers believe in unusually strong
winds that caused huge waves the Bermuda
Triangle has even been blamed for the
tragedy of the Mary Celeste the ship
found adrift in the ocean years after it
went missing there wasn't a single crew
member or passenger on board nor dead or
alive many believe that the ship got
into the trap being prepared by the
mysterious triangle the most well-known
example of ships disappearing in that
area was the USS Cyclops an American
ironclad steamer with 309 crew members
on board on the 4th of March 1918 the
ship sailed toward the Bermuda Triangle
with the purpose of supplying the
American fleet with fuel it vanished
without any trace on a calm day and the
wreckage is still not found
five torpedo bombers and a flying boat
in 1945 a cargo ship constellation in
1943 a cargo ship El Faro in 2015 all of
them and many more have been lost in the
deep waters of The Devil's Triangle due
to the notorious fame of the area not so
many people have visited although
Khrushchev's sail through this region
pretty often as well as private and
commercial planes which fly over it
every day few people are aware of what
the life is like at the bottom of the
Bermuda Triangle would you like to know
here's just some of the shocking
creatures that inhabit the water in this
area dragon fish these creatures live at
the staggering depth of five to seven
thousand feet this fish looks quite
terrifying with its black coloring and
the light it produces on its own unlike
other deepwater inhabitants dragon fish
produces light in the infrared range
while the blue and green range is what
other fish stick to this ability gives
the dragon fish a great advantage it
provides itself with a light that other
species just can't perceive if you want
to avoid nightmares for the rest of your
life don't scare the dragon fish in case
of danger the photophores under its eyes
and on the barbels light up and the
creature starts to look truly ghostly
vampire squid this squid has the largest
eyes in terms of proportion in the world
and is born to live in the depth despite
what its name States the creature isn't
known to suck blood actually half of its
tentacles don't even have any suckers
but what the vampire squid has is bright
red eyes and crimson clove that looks
like webbing at the same time if the
lighting changes their eyes may seem
blue while their body will become black
these animals are also covered with
photophores
which distract predators and lure prey
but what is the hardest fact to accept
about the vampire squid is that in case
of a threat these creatures can in
hurt their skin exposing their spines
gulper eel this is a strange-looking
fish that resembles any other reel it
lives in the deep waters of the ocean
it's other names are the Pelican eel and
the umbrella mouth gulper and there's a
reason behind that the mouth of the
gulper eel is loosely hinged which makes
it extremely wide and big in fact the
length of the jaw of the eel reaches
one-fourth of the length of their body
so in proportion to the body the mouth
looks enormous the pouch like structure
of the lower jaw allows the eel to
deposit its prey there what's more even
the stomach of the eel can stretch so
much that the creature can hold there a
huge amount of food despite being the
owner of such an enormous mouth the
gulper eel has tiny teeth and this means
that it isn't supposed to prey on large
animals this may seem weird if you have
such a huge mouth why does your diet
include only sea we fish and the
occasional octopus or squid the thing is
the mouth of the eel serves as a net
when it gets into a big group of small
fish and shrimp the Bermuda Triangle
hosts some really lovely inhabitants
doesn't it but wait the best is yet to
come goblin shark assuming that some
sharks may seem pretty to you the goblin
shark will never be one of them in fact
this is for sure one of the ugliest
sharks you will ever see sometimes
people call it a living fossil as this
shark is the only remaining member of a
family which has otherwise died out the
goblin shark reaches 13 feet in size and
is also called the vampire shark due to
the fact that it avoids light at all
costs due to this feature you can see
the shark in its natural habitat only if
you go as deep as 890 to 4,300 feet
what's more the animal has some
peculiarities that distinguish it from
other sea creatures for example its jaw
you will notice nothing strange at first
glance but a
soon as the prey appears in the vicinity
the jaw the shark will elongate and grab
it as soon as the victim gets to the
shark's mouth the jaw returns to place
and a set of small but extremely sharp
teeth starts to grind everything that is
inside this may scare the daylights out
of you but sharks need this says they
are clumsy and slow and have to have an
advantage over their prey unis afro de
tois I'm not quite sure how to pronounce
it but fortunately the creature is also
known as a Bobbitt worm and it's
terrifying the worm buries itself in the
seafloor with just a fraction of its
body exposed the depth at which it feels
comfortable is from 32 to 131 feet the
creature has 5 and 10 E it uses to sense
the prey other worms and fish that can
be seven times bigger than the worm
itself pharynx a complex feeding
apparatus that helps the bobbitt worm
catch the prey can turn inside out not
unlike love fingers it has strong and
extremely sharp mandibles which can
easily cut the prey in half due to the
strength and speed of the worms attack
once the prey is secured in its jaws the
creature injects it with poison and
shoots back to the Burrow to feast
there's no information if the bobbitt
worm can kill a human but if you meet it
a nasty bite can be guaranteed the most
disturbing thing about them is their
size an average worm reaches 3 feet with
some specimen growing up to 10 feet long
consisting of more than 600 segments and
weighing as much as 15 ounces terrifying
indeed however these are just some of
the creatures that lurk in the depths of
the Bermuda Triangle who knows what
other unbelievable horror movie beasts
we can meet there which underwater
inhabitants shocked you the most tell us
in the comments below share this video
with those of your friends and
acquaintances who are fond of mysteries
and secrets remember to hit the like
button to show us that you appreciate
the video then we'll see that you are
interested and we'll prepare
more videos like this and to be sure you
never miss one subscribe to our channel
and explore everything we have on the
bright side of life
you